Prototype in JS:-
    1. javascript object is entity having state and behaviour.
    2. state is represented by properties and behaviour is represented by methods.
    3. prototype is a property of function which is used to add properties and methods in constructor function.

    what is the use of this keyword in objects?
    1. this keyword is used to refer to the current object.
    2. this keyword is used to access the properties and methods of the current object.
    3. this keyword is used to refer to the current object in the constructor function.

how to use of __proto__ in JavaScript?
    -  __proto__ is a property that exists on all JavaScript objects. It is used to access the prototype of an object, which is the object from which it inherits properties and methods.
    -  when object & prototype are use same method,object method is called first, if object method is not found then prototype method is called. This is called prototype chain.

 class in JS:-
    1. class is a template for creating objects.
    2. Those objects have same properties and methods.
    3. class is a blueprint for creating objects.
    
Constructor:-
    1. A constructor is a special method that is used to initialize objects.
    2. It is called when an object is created.
    3. It is used to set the initial values of the properties of the object.
    4. It is defined using the constructor keyword.
    5. It is called automatically when an object is created.

new keyword:-
    1. The new keyword is used to create an instance of a class.
    2. It is used to create an object from a class.
    3. It is used to call the constructor of the class.
    
Inheritance:-
    1. Inheritance is a mechanism in which one class acquires the properties and behaviors of another class.
    2. The class that inherits the properties and behaviors is called the child class or subclass.
    3. The class that is inherited from is called the parent class or superclass.
Method Overriding:-
    1. Method overriding is a feature that allows a child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already defined in its parent class.
    2. The method in the child class should have the same name, return type, and parameters as the method in the parent class.

Super Keyword:-
    1. The super keyword is used to call the constructor of the parent class and to access the properties and methods of the parent class.
    2. It is used in the child class to refer to the parent class.
    3. It can be used to call the parent class constructor, access parent class methods, and access parent class properties.

Error-Handling.js:-

    Error handling in JavaScript is done using try...catch...finally blocks. 
    The try block contains code that may throw an error, the catch block handles the error if it occurs, and the finally block contains code that will execute regardless of whether an error occurred or not.
